Mr. Smith saved my sister's life
To thank you for this ocean heart
Just treat it as if I gave it to you.
How is that possible?
I'm so sorry.
Who the hell is this trash?
I'm so annoying that I dare not enter Mr. Si
Ok you Xu He
How dare you deceive me with a counterfeit
What do you mean?
Mr. Nishi is my friend of Ye Zhen
If anyone dares to disrespect Mr. West
That is wrong with me, Ye Zhen, right?
I dare not find it
Dare not
Xu Shao, didn't you say you were going to drown yourself?
Forget it, today I have a lot of adults
Spare your life
Hey trash
Why don't you thank Mr. Shi quickly?
The director will never look like Tarzan
I was wrong, sorry.
Forgive me forgive me
Damn it, I was wrong.
Damn it, I was wrong, get out of here